Effective as of October 19, 2021.

IMPORTANT: Please read the terms and conditions of product application set out below carefully prior to download, installation, copy or use. THROUGH DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, COPYING OR USING THE SOFTWARE YOU ARE EXPRESSING YOUR CONSENT TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND YOU ACKNOWLEDGE PRIVACY POLICY.

End User License Agreement

Under the terms of this End User License Agreement ("Agreement") executed by and between ESET, spol. s r. o., having its registered office at Einsteinova 24, 85101 Bratislava, Slovak Republic, registered in the Commercial Register administered by Bratislava I District Court, Section Sro, Entry No 3586/B, Business Registration Number: 31333532 ("ESET" or "Provider") and you, a physical person or legal entity ("You" or "End User"), You are entitled to use the Software defined in Article 1 of this Agreement. The Software defined in Article 1 of this Agreement can be stored on a data carrier, sent via electronic mail, downloaded from the Internet, downloaded from the Provider's servers or obtained from other sources, subject to the terms and conditions specified below.

THIS IS AN AGREEMENT ON END USER RIGHTS AND NOT AN AGREEMENT FOR SALE. The Provider continues to own the copy of the Software and the physical media contained in the sales package and any other copies that the End User is authorized to make pursuant to this Agreement.

By clicking on "I Accept" or "I Accept…" while installing, downloading, copying or using the Software, You agree to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and acknowledge the Privacy Policy. If You do not agree to all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement and/or Privacy Policy, immediately click on the canceling option, cancel the installation or download, or destroy or return the Software, installation media, accompanying documentation and sales receipt to the Provider or the outlet from which You acquired the Software.

YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SOFTWARE ACKNOWLEDGES THAT YOU HAVE READ THIS AGREEMENT, UNDERSTAND IT AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ITS TERMS AND CONDITIONS.

1. Software. As used in this Agreement the term "Software" means: (i) computer program accompanied by this Agreement and all components thereof; (ii) all the contents of the disks, CD-ROMs, DVDs, e-mails and any attachments, or other media with which this Agreement is provided, including the object code form of the Software supplied on a data carrier, via electronic mail or downloaded via the Internet; (iii) any related explanatory written materials and any other possible documentation related to the Software, above all any description of the Software, its specifications, any description of the Software properties or operation, any description of the operating environment in which the Software is used, instructions for use or installation of the Software or any description of how to use the Software ("Documentation"); (iv) copies of the Software, patches for possible errors in the Software, additions to the Software, extensions to the Software, modified versions of the Software and updates of Software components, if any, licensed to You by the Provider pursuant to Article 3 of this Agreement. The Software shall be provided exclusively in the form of executable object code.

2. Installation, Computer and a License key. Software supplied on a data carrier, sent via electronic mail, downloaded from the Internet, downloaded from the Provider's servers or obtained from other sources requires installation. You must install the Software on a correctly configured Computer, complying at least with requirements set out in the Documentation. The installation methodology is described in the Documentation. No computer programs or hardware which could have an adverse effect on the Software may be installed on the Computer on which You install the Software. Computer means hardware, including but not limited to personal computers, laptops, workstations, palmtop computers, smartphones, hand-held electronic devices, or other electronic devices for which the Software is designed, on which it will be installed and/or used. License key means the unique sequence of symbols, letters, numbers or special signs provided to the End User in order to allow the legal use of the Software, its specific version or extension of the term of the License in compliance with this Agreement.

3. License. Subject to the condition that You have agreed to the terms of this Agreement and You comply with all the terms and conditions stipulated herein, the Provider shall grant You the following rights ("License"):

a) Installation and use. You shall have the non-exclusive, non-transferable right to install the Software on the hard disk of a Computer or other permanent medium for data storage, installation and storage of the Software in the memory of a computer system and to implement, store and display the Software.

b) Stipulation of the number of licenses. The right to use the Software shall be bound by the number of End Users. One End User shall be taken to refer to the following: (i) installation of the Software on one Computer; or (ii) if the extent of a license is bound to the number of mailboxes, then one End User shall be taken to refer to a Computer user who accepts electronic mail via a Mail User Agent ("MUA"). If MUA accepts electronic mail and subsequently distributes it automatically to several users, then the number of End Users shall be determined according to the actual number of users for whom the electronic mail is distributed. If a mail server performs the function of a mail gate, the number of End Users shall equal the number of mail server users for which the said gate provides services. If an unspecified number of electronic mail addresses are directed to and accepted by one user (e.g., through aliases) and messages are not automatically distributed by the client to a larger number of users, a License for one computer shall be required. You must not use the same License at the same time on more than one Computer. The End User is entitled to enter the License key to the Software only to the extent to which the End User has the right to use the Software in accordance with the limitation arising from the number of Licenses granted by Provider. The License key is deemed confidential, You must not share the License with third parties or allow third parties to use the License key unless permitted by this Agreement or Provider. If your License key is compromised, notify Provider immediately.

c) Home/Business Edition. A Home Edition version of the Software shall be used exclusively in private and/or non-commercial environments for home and family use only. A Business Edition version of the Software must be obtained for use in a commercial environment as well as to use the Software on mail servers, mail relays, mail gateways, or Internet gateways.

d) Term of the License. Your right to use the Software shall be time-limited.

e) OEM Software. Software classified as "OEM" shall be limited to the Computer You obtained it with. It cannot be transferred to a different Computer.

f) NFR, TRIAL Software. Software classified as "Not-for-resale", NFR or TRIAL cannot be assigned for payment and must only be used for demonstration or testing the Software's features.

g) Termination of the License. The License shall terminate automatically at the end of the period for which granted. If You fail to comply with any of the provisions of this Agreement, the Provider shall be entitled to withdraw from the Agreement, without prejudice to any entitlement or legal remedy open to the Provider in such eventualities. In the event of cancellation of the License, You must immediately delete, destroy or return at your own cost, the Software and all backup copies to ESET or to the outlet from which You obtained the Software. Upon termination of the License, the Provider shall also be entitled to cancel the End User's entitlement to use the functions of the Software, which require connection to the Provider's servers or third-party servers.

4. Functions with data collection and internet connection requirements. To operate correctly, the Software requires connection to the Internet and must connect at regular intervals to the Provider's servers or third-party servers and applicable data collection in compliance with Privacy Policy. Connection to the Internet and applicable data collection is necessary for the following functions of the Software:

a) Updates to the Software. The Provider shall be entitled from time to issue updates or upgrades to the Software ("Updates"), but shall not be obliged to provide Updates. This function is enabled under the Software's standard settings and Updates are therefore installed automatically, unless the End User has disabled the automatic installation of Updates. For provisioning of Updates, License authenticity verification is required, including information about Computer and/or the platform on which the Software is installed in compliance with Privacy Policy.

Provision of any Updates may be subject to End of Life Policy ("EOL Policy"), which is available on https://go.eset.com/eol_business. No Updates will be provided after the Software or any of its features reaches the End of Life date as defined in the EOL Policy.

b) Forwarding of infiltrations and information to the Provider. The Software contains functions which collect samples of computer viruses and other malicious computer programs and suspicious, problematic, potentially unwanted or potentially unsafe objects such as files, URLs, IP packets and ethernet frames ("Infiltrations") and then send them to the Provider, including but not limited to information about the installation process, the Computer and/or the platform on which the Software is installed and, information about the operations and functionality of the Software ("Information"). The Information and Infiltrations may contain data (including randomly or accidentally obtained personal data) about the End User or other users of the Computer on which the Software is installed, and files affected by Infiltrations with associated metadata.

Information and Infiltrations may be collected by following functions of Software:

i. LiveGrid Reputation System function includes collection and sending of one-way hashes related to Infiltrations to Provider. This function is enabled under the Software's standard settings.

ii. LiveGrid Feedback System function includes collection and sending of Infiltrations with associated metadata and Information to Provider. This function may be activated by End User during the process of installation of the Software.

The Provider shall only use Information and Infiltrations received for the purpose of analysis and research of Infiltrations, improvement of Software and License authenticity verification and shall take appropriate measures to ensure that Infiltrations and Information received remain secure. By activating this function of the Software, Infiltrations and Information may be collected and processed by the Provider as specified in Privacy Policy and in compliance with relevant legal regulations. You can deactivate these functions at any time.

For the purpose of this Agreement, it is necessary to collect, process and store data enabling the Provider to identify You in compliance with Privacy Policy. You hereby acknowledge that the Provider checks using its own means whether You are using the Software in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. You hereby acknowledge that for the purpose of this Agreement it is necessary for your data to be transferred, during communication between the Software and the Provider's computer systems or those of its business partners as part of Provider's distribution and support network to ensure functionality of Software and authorization to use the Software and to protection of the Provider's rights.

Following conclusion of this Agreement, the Provider or any of its business partners as part of Provider's distribution and support network shall be entitled to transfer, process and store essential data identifying You for billing purposes, performance of this Agreement and transmitting notifications on your Computer.

Details about privacy, personal data protection and Your rights as a data subject can be found in Privacy Policy which is available on Provider's website and accessible directly from the installation process. You can also visit it from Software's help section.

5. Exercising End User rights. You must exercise End User rights in person or via your employees. You are only entitled to use the Software to safeguard your operations and protect those Computers or computers systems for which You have obtained a License.

6. Restrictions to rights. You may not copy, distribute, extract components or make derivative works of the Software. When using the Software, You are required to comply with the following restrictions:

a) You may make one copy of the Software on a permanent storage medium as an archival backup copy, provided your archival back-up copy is not installed or used on any Computer. Any other copies You make of the Software shall constitute a breach of this Agreement.

b) You may not use, modify, translate or reproduce the Software or transfer rights to use the Software or copies of the Software in any manner other than as provided for in this Agreement.

c) You may not sell, sub-license, lease or rent or borrow the Software or use the Software for the provision of commercial services.

d) You may not reverse engineer, reverse compile or disassemble the Software or otherwise attempt to discover the source code of the Software, except to the extent that this restriction is expressly prohibited by law.

e) You agree that You will only use the Software in a manner that complies with all applicable laws in the jurisdiction in which You use the Software, including, but not limited to, applicable restrictions concerning copyright and other intellectual property rights.

f) You agree that You will only use the Software and its functions in a way which does not limit the possibilities of other End Users to access these services. The Provider reserves the right to limit the scope of services provided to individual End Users, to enable use of the services by the highest possible number of End Users. Limiting the scope of services shall also mean complete termination of the possibility to use any of the functions of the Software and deletion of Data and information on the Provider's servers or third-party servers relating to a specific function of the Software.

g) You agree not to exercise any activities involving use the License key, contrary to the terms of this Agreement or leading to provide License key to any person who is not entitled to use the Software, such as the transfer of used or unused License key in any form, as well as the unauthorized reproduction, or distribution of duplicated or generated License keys or using the Software as a result of the use of a License key obtained from the source other than the Provider.

7. Copyright. The Software and all rights, without limitation including proprietary rights and intellectual property rights thereto are owned by ESET and/or its licensors. They are protected by international treaty provisions and by all other applicable national laws of the country in which the Software is being used. The structure, organization and code of the Software are the valuable trade secrets and confidential information of ESET and/or its licensors. You must not copy the Software, except as set forth in Article 6(a). Any copies which You are permitted to make pursuant to this Agreement must contain the same copyright and other proprietary notices that appear on the Software. If You reverse engineer, reverse compile, disassemble or otherwise attempt to discover the source code of the Software, in breach of the provisions of this Agreement, You hereby agree that any information thereby obtained shall automatically and irrevocably be deemed to be transferred to and owned by the Provider in full, from the moment such information comes into being, notwithstanding the Provider's rights in relation to breach of this Agreement.

8. Reservation of rights. The Provider hereby reserves all rights to the Software, with the exception of rights expressly granted under the terms of this Agreement to You as the End User of the Software.

9. Multiple language versions, dual media software, multiple copies. In the event that the Software supports multiple platforms or languages, or if You receive multiple copies of the Software, You may only use the Software for the number of computer systems and for the versions for which You obtained a License. You may not sell, rent, lease, sub-license, lend or transfer versions or copies of the Software which You do not use.

10. Commencement and termination of the Agreement. This Agreement shall be effective from the date You agree to the terms of this Agreement. You may terminate this Agreement at any time by permanently uninstalling, destroying and returning, at your own cost, the Software, all backup copies and all related materials provided by the Provider or its business partners. Your right to use Software and any of its features may be subject to EOL Policy. After the Software or any of its features reaches the End of Life date defined in the EOL Policy, your right to use the Software will terminate. Irrespective of the manner of termination of this Agreement, the provisions of Articles 7, 8, 11, 13, 19 and 21 shall continue to apply for an unlimited time.

11. END USER DECLARATIONS. AS THE END USER YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AND TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. NEITHER THE PROVIDER, ITS LICENSORS OR AFFILIATES, NOR THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE SOFTWARE WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY THIRD-PARTY PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, TRADEMARKS OR OTHER RIGHTS. THERE IS NO WARRANTY BY THE PROVIDER OR BY ANY OTHER PARTY THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE SOFTWARE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR THAT THE OPERATION OF THE SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE. YOU ASSUME ALL RESPONSIBILITY AND RISK FOR THE SELECTION OF THE SOFTWARE TO ACHIEVE YOUR INTENDED RESULTS AND FOR THE INSTALLATION, USE AND RESULTS OBTAINED FROM IT.

12. No other obligations. This Agreement creates no obligations on the part of the Provider and its licensors other than as specifically set forth herein.

13. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE PROVIDER, ITS EMPLOYEES OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, REVENUE, SALES, DATA OR COSTS OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, PROPERTY DAMAGE, PERSONAL INJURY, INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION OR FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, ECONOMIC, COVER, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, HOWEVER CAUSED AND WHETHER ARISING UNDER CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF THE INSTALLATION, THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE, EVEN IF THE PROVIDER OR ITS LICENSORS OR AFFILIATES ARE ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. BECAUSE SOME COUNTRIES AND JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY, BUT MAY ALLOW LIABILITY TO BE LIMITED, IN SUCH CASES, THE LIABILITY OF THE PROVIDER, ITS EMPLOYEES OR LICENSORS OR AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE SUM THAT YOU PAID FOR THE LICENSE.

14. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall prejudice the statutory rights of any party dealing as a consumer if running contrary thereto.

15. Technical support. ESET or third parties commissioned by ESET shall provide technical support at their own discretion, without any guarantees or declarations. No technical support will be provided after the Software or any of its features reaches the End of Life date defined in the EOL Policy. The End User shall be required to back up all existing data, software and program facilities prior to the provision of technical support. ESET and/or third parties commissioned by ESET cannot accept liability for damage or loss of data, property, software or hardware or loss of profits due to the provision of technical support. ESET and/or third parties commissioned by ESET reserve the right to decide that resolving the problem is beyond the scope of technical support. ESET reserves the right to refuse, suspend or terminate the provision of technical support at its own discretion. License information, Information and other data in compliance with Privacy Policy may be required for the purpose of technical support provision.

16. Transfer of the License. The Software can be transferred from one Computer to another, unless contrary to the terms of the Agreement. If not contrary to the terms of the Agreement, the End User shall only be entitled to permanently transfer the License and all rights ensuing from this Agreement to another End User with the Provider's consent, subject to the condition that (i) the original End User does not retain any copies of the Software; (ii) the transfer of rights must be direct, i.e. from the original End User to the new End User; (iii) the new End User must assume all the rights and obligations incumbent on the original End User under the terms of this Agreement; (iv) the original End User has to provide the new End User with documentation enabling verification of the genuineness of the Software as specified under Article 17.

17. Verification of the genuineness of the Software. The End User may demonstrate entitlement to use the Software in one of the following ways: (i) through a license certificate issued by the Provider or a third party appointed by the Provider; (ii) through a written license agreement, if such an agreement was concluded; (iii) through the submission of an e-mail sent by the Provider containing licensing details (user name and password). License information and End User identification data in compliance with Privacy Policy may be required for the purpose of Software genuineness verification.

18. Licensing for public authorities and the US Government. The Software shall be provided to public authorities, including the United States Government, with the license rights and restrictions described in this Agreement.

19. Trade control compliance.

a) You will not, directly or indirectly, export, re-export, transfer or otherwise make available the Software to any person, or use it in any manner, or be involved in any activity, that could result in ESET or its holding companies, its subsidiaries, and the subsidiaries of any of its holding companies, as well as entities controlled by its holding companies ("Affiliates") being in violation of, or being subject to, negative consequences under trade control laws which include:

i. any laws that control, restrict, or impose licensing requirements on export, re-export or transfer of goods, software, technology, or services, issued or adopted by any government, state or regulatory authority of the United States of America, Singapore, the United Kingdom, the European Union or any of its Member States, or any country in which obligations under the Agreement are to be performed, or in which ESET or any of its Affiliates are incorporated or operate, and

ii. any economic, financial, trade or other, sanction, restriction, embargo, import or export ban, prohibition on transfer of funds or assets or on performing services, or equivalent measure imposed by any government, state or regulatory authority of the United States of America, Singapore, the United Kingdom, the European Union or any of its Member States, or any country in which obligations under the Agreement are to be performed, or in which ESET or any of its Affiliates are incorporated or operate.

(legal acts referred to in points i, and ii. above together as "Trade Control Laws").

b) ESET shall have the right to suspend its obligations under, or terminate, these Terms with immediate effect in the event that:

i. ESET determines that, in its reasonable opinion, the User has breached or is likely to breach provision of Article 19 a) of the Agreement; or

ii. the End User and/or the Software become subject to Trade Control Laws and, as a result, ESET determines that, in its reasonable opinion, the continued performance of its obligations under the Agreement could result in ESET or its Affiliates being in violation of, or being subject to negative consequences under, Trade Control Laws.

c) Nothing in the Agreement is intended, and nothing should be interpreted or construed, to induce or require either party to act or refrain from acting (or to agree to act or refrain from acting) in any manner which is inconsistent with, penalized, or prohibited under any applicable Trade Control Laws.

20. Notices. All notices and returns of the Software and Documentation must be delivered to: ESET, spol. s r. o., Einsteinova 24, 85101 Bratislava, Slovak Republic, without prejudice to ESET´s right to communicate to You any changes to this Agreement, Privacy Policies, EOL Policy and Documentation in accordance with art. 22 of the Agreement. ESET may send You emails, in-app notifications via Software or post the communication on our website. You agree to receive legal communications from ESET in electronic form, including any communications on change in Terms, Special Terms or Privacy Policies, any contract proposal/acceptance or invitations to treat, notices or other legal communications. Such electronic communication shall be deemed as received in writing, unless applicable laws specifically require a different form of communication.

21. Applicable law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Slovak Republic. The End User and the Provider hereby agree that the principles of the conflict of laws and the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods shall not apply. You expressly agree that any disputes or claims ensuing from this Agreement with respect to the Provider or any disputes or claims relating to use of the Software shall be settled by Bratislava I District Court and You expressly agree to the said court exercising jurisdiction.

22. General provisions. Should any of the provisions of this Agreement be invalid or unenforceable, this shall not affect the validity of the other provisions of the Agreement, which shall remain valid and enforceable under the conditions stipulated therein. This Agreement has been executed in English. In case any translation of the Agreement is prepared for the convenience or any other purpose or in any case of a discrepancy between language versions of this Agreement, the English version shall prevail.

ESET reserves the right to make changes to the Software as well as to revise terms of this Agreement, its Annexes, Addendums, Privacy Policy, EOL Policy and Documentation or any part thereof at any time by updating the relevant document (i) to reflect changes to the Software or to how ESET does business, (ii) for legal, regulatory or security reasons, or (iii) to prevent abuse or harm. You will be notified about any revision of the Agreement by email, in-app notification or by other electronic means. If You disagree with the proposed changes to the Agreement, You may terminate it in accordance with Art. 10 within 30 days after receiving a notice of the change. Unless You terminate the Agreement within this time limit, the proposed changes will be deemed accepted and become effective towards You as of the date You received a notice of the change.

This is the entire Agreement between the Provider and You relating to the Software and it supersedes any prior representations, discussions, undertakings, communications or advertising relating to the Software.

EULAID: EULA-PRODUCT-LG; 3537.0


